we will not come back and it is past thanks to this pool of money at the
season I should have had
thomas jaussaud hazard on the bench
water sagging on life or it's too much its rivals at low costs
it's a winner win his series report it five years this year
when we kill a man and a woman alone woman of the victim alain rosaz with soap
and clean the places
now we hope after the fact the debt is necessary even if it hurts
turned that's the seize the Gallic do that served me
the other has arrived
Russia assumes
Ms. Anne Boulay received about 5-6 years himself ordered these bombings
it is also and above all a good issue of his program that seems good source
afp a source
by the way the figures of arms deliveries the chili was lifted
this having on their soil
it was difficult
to succeed in elections
tripoli - the radio for many analysts